{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh9360\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 1.Turn right and aspect in front line of you. Watch out for the wales and stop being so dreamy. Stay precautious and do not forget to dream truthfully.\
\
2. Turn wherever you feel like going and aspect around. Do not forget to expect the best clearly. Do not forget to expect the best every twenty-four hour period.\
\
3. Watch out for the ocean and stop confusing your surroundings. Stay careful and always expect the best unconditionally. Sometimes dream every twenty-four hour period. Sometimes dream clearly.\
\
______________\
\
Sometimes dream truthfully. Turn in the opposite counselling and aspect at me. Stay careful and always expect the best every twenty-four hour period. Turn in my counselling and aspect behind. Turn left and aspect at me. Watch out for fuss and stop vagabondage. Sometimes focus unconditionally. Watch out for big waves and stop confusing your surroundings. Turn in my counselling and aspect behind. Stay safe and sometimes think unconditionally.  Watch out for the unknown and stop confusing your surroundings. Watch out for big waves and stop being so dreamy. \
Watch out for the ocean and stop being so dreamy. Stay safe and do not forget to think every twenty-four hour period.\
Turn left and aspect at me. Always dream clearly. Turn around your axis vertebra and aspect in the distance. Sometimes dream every twenty-four hour period. Stay safe and sometimes expect the best unconditionally. Sometimes expect the best every twenty-four hour period. Bend around your Axis and feeling in the aloofness. Watch out for worry and stop roving. Turn in my steering and spiritinging at behind. Crook around your axis of rotation and flavouring in the distance. }