{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17380\viewh11880\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 I'm going to give you a run down of everything that's happened since like, September 2016, in the hopes that at least one of you will be able to help me. I\'92m very shy and its hard for me to make friends. Everybody tell me to do something for hobby for example to do sports to make friends but i'm very shy when i talk with someone for first time. I am shy. Trust me, I am extremely shy too, so were kinda in the same boat. Of course it's gotten easier but I still can't help but feel lost. I feel like nobody is interested in me. So can anyone help me? \
\
There's a day to day hidden but frequently appearing sense of confusion about absolutely everything, a constant light sort of fogginess, frequent dulled emotions, a lack of understanding about anything or why i feel like this. And despite not thinking about it or being affected by it every day, there always seems to be a little sort of nudging feeling that things are just not right \'85 I can never help the ones I care about. is many else, you need to stop the self-pity and challenge yourself, as cliche as it sounds, try to get out of your comfort zone. So can anyone help me? \
\
\
I\'92ve been talking to my mom about my thoughts and anxieties and it's definitely helped me hearing her being calm and less worrisome about it than I am. You are shy, so am i, so is many else, you need to stop the self-pity and challenge yourself, as cliche as it sounds, try to get out of your comfort zone. So can anyone help me? \
\
\
\
\
\
}